The invention of the internet has provided solutions to many problems and obstacles that humanity was facing. During the agricultural age, people lived around small communities and depended on their lands and self-taught knowledge to survive. The invention of machines made the industrial era more pleasant to live in. This era gave birth to many factories from which many jobs were created and people started being more organized. The organizations were more organized and structured with different departments. And now we are in the information age, where knowledge can be gained anywhere and the world is closer through virtual connections.
        It is evident that the history of cyber security started on a positive side. Many were passionate and enthusiastic about developing hardware and softwares to better the world. However, this is also where the hacking mindset started. Through the intelligent developments, new ideas were being learned about forcing through softwares. Hence came the first cyber crime in the 1980's when a German hacker used a computer gateway to hack into 400 military computers in order to sell the information for their personal profit. Cyber hacking became immense during the 2000’s and since then there has been cyber crimes upon cyber crimes on global levels and individual levels. As the cyber crimes rose, viruses rose because there is a need for mutating codes. 
        Without a doubt, cyber attacks are growing exponentially and with the whole world using devices that are connected to some sort of internet server, it is going to be a major problem for all of us. The devices we use are going over some kind of network, which are definitely controlled by other parties. Thus, in the upcoming years we will hear more stories about people losing sensitive information. Losing a social security number or healthcare information or bank information for example, could lead to the loss of identity or malicious actions under the identity of an innocent. If it is a case where an individual is a bit careless and gives access of a company to an outside party, the whole company could be affected.
        Many experts are working on securing their services and platforms. Big companies and platforms have always been predicted to be more secure than homes and personal gadgets. Companies who build personal devices like iPhones and androids are also making big progress with innovations like face-ID recognition, 2nd hand identification verification (usually through phones), fingerprint locks, and a lot more. But unfortunately, we will never be hack-free. The cyber experts who are in charge of preventing cyber hacks have declared that the only way to stop ourselves from getting hacked is to recognize how attackers try to get you. The most common that have been proven are random emails, text messages, and phone calls that seem to be from high authority but aren’t. It is also advised to not use the same passwords for different logins.
        As this technology-based world is moving forward, our information is being at risk and there is also a high demand for workers in the security field. Not only not are these positions well-paid, but they are also not going to disappear anytime soon. The cyber security field is best for someone who is willing to grow, have a variety of positions to work in and has a real impact on the world.